Zoom Telephonics ADSL WiFi Modem/Router with 4 Ethernet Ports (5792) (Not for Cable) The versatile Model 5792 ADSL Modem/Router provides a shared ADSL Internet connection for up to 253 computers, game stations, WiFi-enabled phones, and other devices connected wirelessly, via this product's 4 Ethernet LAN ports, or through a switching hub or other network device. Model 5792 includes a DSL modem/router with 150 Mbps wireless-N and four LAN ports, power cube, DSL splitter, Ethernet cable, and Quick Start flyer. Plug the Model 5792's phone cord into a phone line with ADSL service (not for cable service). Then use the 5792's built-in wireless capability and/or its 4 Ethernet ports to connect computers, Ethernet switches, HomePlug adapters, or other devices. One Ethernet port can be configured as a WAN port for use of the 5792 as a router with an external modem. Setup is easy using any Web browser. The 5792 supports all popular ADSL protocols, supports all popular ADSL protocols, and delivers download speeds up to 27 Mbps. The 5792 supports ADSL 2/2+ for faster ADSL speeds, IPv4 and IPv6. Quality of Service (QoS) support guarantees upstream bandwidth for high priority devices like gaming systems, VoIP adapters, or video. The Model 5792 can be configured as a bridge modem for use with an external router, or as a modem/router/firewall. If you choose to use the product's router features, you'll enjoy its flexibility, friendly user interface, and extensive features, including: WPA2/WPA/WEP wireless security with WPS for easy setup, support for up to 4 SSIDs, WDS, an SPI/NAT firewall, Denial of Service attack protection, IP filtering, Virtual Server, DMZ, LAN and WAN access control, Virtual Private Networking as an Endpoint, online gaming support, extensive debugging and diagnostic tools, and much more. The 5792's graphical user interface makes it easy to use any browser to set router features, even from remote locations. Zoom Model 5792 is produced and very capably supported by Zoom Telephonics, a USA public company founded in 1977.
