MASSCOOL 3.5" PATA and SATA hard drive media player with Samsung HD753LJ SpinPoint F DT 750GB 32MB SATA II Hard Drive Masscool MP-1368AS TV Media Player provides robust video & audio playback functions, including movie playback, multilingual subtitle functions, photo sideshow and music playback. The player is designed with brand new GUI (Graphic User Interface) which provides user-friendly operation for user. The case outlook is just like an audio & video device in your living room.    The Masscool MP-1368AS TV media player is plug & play PC ready and works as standalone unit too. Thanks to the big storage capacity and easy set up, you can connect it directly to your TV and select almost you would like to play back. First connect it to the PC and download all the movies, music and photo albums (directly from internet) to the player. Then simply connect it to any TV in your home, hotel or at your neighbors and your personal selected movie marathon is a fact! The player standalone (without computer) supports all popular file formats like DivX, XviD, MPEG 1/2/4, BMP, JPEG, MP3, and AVI.   Features  Max. 334GB Formatted Capacity per Disk  Serial ATA 3.0Gbps Interface Support  Improved recording stability over temperature with PMR  Advanced dynamic FOD control for best data integrity  Intelligent compensation of external disturbance  SATA Native Command Queuing Feature  Device Initiated SATA Power Management  Staggerd Spin-up Support  Environment friendly product with RoHS compliance  Improved performance with dual-ARM based firmware  ATA S.M.A.R.T. Compliant  ATA Automatic Acoustic Management Feature  ATA 48-bit Address Feature  ATA Device Configuration Overlay Feature NoiseGuard SilentSeek Specifications  Capacity: 750 GB Interface: Serial ATA 3.0 Gbps Buffer DRAM Size: 32 MB Byte per Sector: 512 bytes Rotational Speed: 7200 RPM Average Seek time(typical): 8.9 ms Average Latency: 4.17 ms Data Transfer Rate / Media to/from Buffer(Max.): 175 MB/sec Data Transfer Rate / Buffer to/from Host(Max.): 300 MB/sec Drive Reday Time(typical): 12 sec
