Lenovo Thinkpad Yoga 11E Convertible, Intel:M5Y10C/ICM, 0.8 GHz, 128 GB, Intel-HD5300/IGP, Windows 10,  11.6" Performance for Work and Play with Intel Core M Processors The Intel Core M processor is the ideal processor for multimode devices and others that require high performance with great energy efficiency. Rugged Construction A rubber bumper around the top cover absorbs the force of side bumps. The corners are 50 percent stronger, to reduce damage when dropped at an angle. The bezel is thicker, to protect the LCD panel. And a stronger rear cover reduces accidental LCD damage. The hinges and brackets have been strengthened, to last 50,000 cycles and to withstand more force to the cover. Reinforced ports and a reduced gap between anchored keys help prevent accidental damage from a bored child's exploring fingers. This is one tough machine. Tested to Military Specifications Military-specification testing validates the ruggedness, durability, and quality of this laptop. Its tested against 10 parameters: high pressure, humidity, vibration, high temperature, temperature shock, low pressure (15,000 ft.), low temperature, solar radiation, fungus, and dust. Thinner Fan Blade Design At the same diameter, the thinner fan increases air flow by 15 percent, improving your PCs ability to keep itself cool. ThinkVantage Active Protection System (APS) For models with traditional hard drives, an accelerometer detects movement and stops the drive in the event of a fall or similar mishap. Rubber mounts are used for the hard disk drive (rather than rails) and the HDD connector is not rigidly attached to the board. That means the connector absorbs shock and impact and protects against system damage. Lenovo SHAREit The worlds fastest way to share photos, apps, and more across devices, without network charges or Wi-Fi connections. Lenovo SHAREit eliminates the need for cables, and wirelessly and rapidly transfers information. Fast Data Transfer Move data between the 11e and other devices quickly with USB 3.0  it's up to 10 times faster than previous USB technologies and backward-compatible with USB 2.0. Integrated HD Webcam The low-light-sensitive 720p HD webcam with face-tracking, plus dual digital-array microphones, will help you enjoy online classes, student conferences, and video chats like youre really there. Stereo Speakers with Dolby Advanced Audio This suite of audio technologies enables your ThinkPad to deliver a crisp, clear surround sound experience over its built-in stereo speakers. The technology increases audio clarity for VoIP applications, maximizes volume output without distortion, and improves dialogue clarity when watching videos. Enjoy an immersive surround sound experience whether listening to a lecture or kicking back with a movie.
