Eoso Tablet Touchpad Keyboard Case for Android Windows Tablet PC Kindle Fire HD 8,Dell Venue 8 Pro,HP, Samsung, Acer,Asus (for iPad Mini, iPad Mini 4 Keyboard Silver) Are you looking for a cool keyboard to help you define your cool style while keeping tablets safe from damage? Are you tired of buying knockoffs that fail on their promise of quality and performance? Search no further. Buy EOSO Keyboard iPad 9.7 case.  Our 2-in-1 Bluetooth 3.0 ABS iPad keyboard case offers excellent aesthetics and performance.  EOSO slim Shell keyboar case for iPads has a thin 7mm magnetic cover that flips open to light up (wake mode) your screen or closes to shut it off (sleep mode) thereby saving battery consumption and setting the smartphone to the inadvertent mode of operation. Our Folio Case comes with a foldable multi-angle kickstand that you can fold to your desired position and turn your versatile device into a theater to enjoy your favorite movies and perform tasks at home, in your office or elsewhere with convenience like never before. Our 2 in 1 iPad keyboard case has translucent buttons for peak visibility even in the dark. Each key gives a tactile response, thanks to springs beneath each button making real-time feedback possible when you type. Enjoy hands-free typing on Eoso iPad keyboards. Perfect iPad keyboard typing kit for freelancers, secretaries, teens, students, CEOs, managers, trainers, teachers, entrepreneurs, and supervisors, in their business spaces, school, outdoors, and at home. Rock our beautiful iPad keyboards for a bold, irresistible statement of style. Go ahead, get the attention that you deserve. Flaunt what you got with.  They are your ideal gift idea for loved ones at Christmas, Easter, birthdays, baby showers, gender reveal, bachelorette, engagement, and anniversary parties.  Present friends and family with one to show how much you care. They will love it. Transform your keyboard experience with this awesome device.  Say no to prototypes with this iPad keyboard set. Add to cart now!
