Logitech Wireless Touch Keyboard K400 Plus with Built-In Touchpad for Internet-Connected TVs (Certified Refurbished) Logitech Wireless Touch Keyboard K400 Plus Laid-back control of your PC-to-TV entertainment PC-to-TV entertainment shouldnt be hard work. Kick back and navigate your TV-connected computer from the comfort of your couch. Its easy with this all-in-one TV keyboard/touchpad. Just type, click and scroll to watch videos, browse the web, chat with friends, and check Facebook on your PC-connected TV. Effortless Internet navigation for the living room Long wireless range and battery life give you relaxed control of your TV-connected computer, without the hassle and clutter of multiple devices. Comfortable, quiet keys and a large touchpad make navigating entertainment easy. And setup is a snap thanks to the tiny, plug-and-play Unifying receiver. *Wireless range Varies. **Assumes two hours typing/day. Actual battery life varies with use, settings and environment Integrated wireless keyboard with touchpad Control streaming entertainment without clutter of multiple devices. Compact, slim living room keyboard puts all controls in a single device. Comfortable, quiet keys and large (3.5-inch) touchpad make navigating PC-to-TV entertainment effortless. Long-range wireless connection Wireless range of 10-meter (33-feet)* enables responsive, uninterrupted connection in even the largest rooms. Watch video, stream music, connect with friends, browse web pages, and more without annoying delays or dropouts. *Wireless range varies depending on operating environment and computer setup. Familiar, media-friendly key layout No learning curve. You already know how to use the K400 Plus. Your media interactions are enhanced with comfortable keys, easy-access volume controls, and an arrow-key layout that simplifies navigation. A second left-click button permits two-hand navigation and selection. Shortcuts simplify control for Android and Windows users. Hot keys work right from the boxno configuration required.
