Dell Inspiron duo Atom N550 1.5GHz 2GB 320GB 10.1" Touchscreen Convertible Tablet W7HP w/Webcam & Bluetooth 3.0 (Blue) Versatility, power and performance come standard in this ultra-portable Dell Inspiron duo convertible tablet!This 10.1-inch widescreen High-Definition touchscreen can be viewed in a vertical position as a netbook, or for working in tight areas, a simple push on the top of the LCD rotates the screen to a locking external tablet display. Need to go back and forth? No problem! Switching between tablet and netbook is quick and easy, and does not require you to restart the system or cancel any applications.Backed by a dual-core Intel N550 1.5 GHz processor and 2 GB of DDR3 memory, this Dell Inspiron duo can power through even the most demanding of multitask workloads. The massive 320 GB hard drive provides ample storage space for all your applications, games, videos, music, data files and more! Compute in an extremely user-friendly environment with Microsoft Windows 7 Home Premium pre-installed.While there is no optical drive installed, this handy netbook features two hidden USB 2.0 ports that can be used for adding on a wide array of peripherals, or covered up when not in use. Video conference with family, friends and coworkers via the built-in 1.3 megapixel webcam and microphone. With High Definition audio and graphics, this Dell Inspiron duo delivers an exceptional multimedia experience, there's even a headphone jack for private listening when in public places.Connect to local networks and the Internet at home or on the road via the 802.11b/g/n Wireless LAN. Wirelessly network with your Bluetooth-enabled printers, speakers, headsets and more via the Bluetooth v3.0 technology. At barely an inch thick, and nearly 4 hours of battery life on a full charge, this Dell Inspiron duo netbook/convertible tablet is the ideal computing solution for anyone on the go! By law, California shipments of this product are subject to an $6.00 Electronic Waste Recycling Fee
