Ultrabook, Core i7 3537U / 2 GHz, Windows 8 64-bit, 8 GB RAM, 256 GB SSD, 13.3" multi-touch VibrantView wide 1600 x 900 / HD+, Intel HD Graphics 4000, clementine orange IdeaPad Yoga 13 is the world's 1st multi-mode Ultrabook providing the ultimate flexibility between work and play in a device featuring a 10-point multi-touch screen that can fold back 360 degrees. Lenovo Motion Control on the Yoga 13 lets you flip through photos and pages or rewind/fast forward music and videos with simple gestures. You can rediscover your computer with access to a world of entertaining and useful apps like Lenovo Companion and Lenovo Support. Using your computer should be fun and easy, not intimidating. That's why Lenovo created the OneKey Rescue System. In the event of system corruption, you can restore your operating system and recover valuable data with the touch of a button and a simple interface. Radiant Clementine Orange color will make your laptop stylish and efficient! In-plane switching (IPS) technology provides a wide viewing angle - making it perfect for enjoying videos and other content with friends or family. User-friendly features. The sleek, contemporary Lenovo Yoga laptops are designed with comfort and convenience in mind, making this device as easy to use as it is functional. The Yoga 13 also comes equipped with Windows 8 and a range of preinstalled productivity software, so it's the perfect device for productivity or play. KICK THE EVERYDAY UP A NOTCH! Lenovo Yoga 13 laptop PC's offer you a rare combination of contemporary computing, dazzling entertainment and multimedia, and a host of family-friendly features that make it a snap to use. Tackle your everyday digital tasks with powerful Intel processors, enjoy stutter-free multitasking with highly responsive DDR3 memory, and take advantage of ample storage space for your photos, videos, music, and other files. Enjoy affordable home-computing, perfect for your family's daily needs and optimized for multimedia. Note: Optical drive not included in Ultrabook - Compatible with optional external recordable CD/DVD drives (not included).
