MAINGEAR SHIFT Super Stock SLI Gaming Desktop, Black SHIFT-SS-SLI-002BLK (Discontinued by Manufacturer) The SHIFT is the flagship desktop in MAINGEAR's Editor's Choice award-winning desktops featuring VRTX (Vertical Exhaust) cooling - an innovative design that rotates the motherboard 90 degrees, allowing hot air to exhaust out the top of the system, drawing cool air from the bottom. This heat stack design allows for the intelligent integration of the world's fastest and highest performing components. Previously the domain of elite enthusiasts, MAINGEAR is proud to offer SLI and overclocked processors to you in a stunning package. The MAINGEAR SHIFT Super Stock SLI is a no-holds-barred gaming PC outfitted with dual NVIDIA GeForce GTX 780 graphics cards with 6GB of GDDR5 memory between them, delivering the fastest, smoothest, and richest gaming experience available. Not to be outdone by, it also features the latest 22nm 4rd Generation Intel Core i7 4770K that's ready for overclocking. It is kept cool and quiet by the MAINGEAR EPIC 180, the world's largest single-fan radiator that prevents your system from overheating without increasing noise. The EPIC 180 is a closed-loop, maintenance-free liquid cooling solution that never needs to be refilled and as an amazing 50,000 MTBF lifespan. MAINGEAR EPIC Labs (Enhanced Performance, Integrated Components) is committed to designing the highest-performing, most reliable custom components to take custom PCs to the next level. With the ability to hold up to 12 SSDs or 6 mechanical hard drives, the MAINGEAR SHIFT Super Stock SLI comes pre-configured with a lightning fast pair of SATA6G SSDs in RAID 0 for faster boot up, application start up, and a spacious 3TB mechanical drive with a 7200rpm spindle speed for quick access to your movies, pictures, music, and data. These components are fed plenty of clean power by a Corsair 80 Plus certified SLI power supply, specially selected to deliver maximum efficiency under load, saving you money on your electric bill and ensuring a long life for your system.
