CybertronPC Assassin II GM1114D Desktop (Red) (Discontinued by Manufacturer) CybertronPC Assassin II GM1114D Desktop (Red) View larger View larger Assassin II TGM1114D With the CybertronPC Assassin II TGM1114D Gaming PC, you'll obtain swift, silent victory delivered with amazing speed and precision. This system features the unbridled power of a 4th Generation, unlocked Intel Core i7-4770K Quad-Core processor and 8GB of DDR3 memory, topped off with a 1TB Hard Drive and the blazing fast speed of a 2GB GeForce GTX 760 graphics card. Your games will never have looked as good! Order your Assassin II today and be on the right side of the battle - the winning side. LED Front Panel Fan Control With the LED Front Panel Fan Control, you can easily control up to six sets of fan speeds on this CybertronPC model. It's stylishly designed with a diamond-cut aluminum panel and dual LED colors. Intel Core i7-4770K Quad-Core Processor This new 4th generation Intel Core processor gives you the power to game, create, entertain, or inspire. Introduce yourself to more vibrant 3D visuals with the ability to perfectly balance performance and efficiency. The unlocked Intel Core i7-4770K processor includes an 8 MB Smart Cache and super-fast 3.50 GHz of pure speed for demanding games and applications--up to 3.90 GHz--dynamically accelerating performance to match your workload and providing more performance when you need it the most. GeForce GTX760 A new choice of weapon for serious gamers, the GeForce GTX 760 is packed with 2GB of GDDR5 graphics memory, and a massive 1152 NVIDIA GeForce CUDA Cores. Featuring NVIDIAs outstanding technology and game-ready capabilities  including GeForce Experience  this graphics card delivers incredibly deep, rich, and immersive gaming. NVIDIA's GPU architecture has been designed for maximum performance in the latest DirectX games, but also for optimal performance per watt. Features a multiprocessor that is twice as efficient as the prior generation, resulting in world-class gaming in an effortlessly designed gaming rig. Th
