TrackIr 4 Pro Head Tracker with Vector Track Ir TrackIR4 Pro is the perfect enhancement for gamers looking for a competitive edge and an enhanced virtual reality experience. Your situational awareness is dramatically increased. Imagine controlling your field of view in flight simulators, first person shooters, racing sims and many other types of games by simply looking around! The TrackIR 4:PRO includes full 6DOF capability using NaturalPoint's exclusive Vector Technology. This literally means that users can move their head any direction and have their game view move correspondingly  instantly providing improved situational awareness in flight and racing sim cockpits, or on the field of battle. Vector allows you to expand your view control to a full range of motion, in all six degrees of freedom (6DOF) including X, Y and Z axis, plus yaw, pitch and roll. No matter how or which direction you move your head, Vector instantly captures it with extreme precision and accuracy. The TrackIR 4:PRO also has an improved 46 degree field of view. This is a 30% larger tracking and movement area than its predecessor. Other improvements include a quicker response time and increased resolution using NaturalPoint's Resolution Doubling Technology. The TrackIR 4:PRO has also been slimmed down to a 1/2" profile, resulting in a lighter, sleeker, more compact design. Its mounting base is now designed to specifically accommodate flat panel monitors. How does it work? The trackIR uses infrared light to track your head movements in much the same way as ultra-expensive targeting systems used by the military. As you move your head, the trackIR sends a real-time stream of instructions to your computer via USB to move the mouse pointer or pan your view in game play. Use your mouse at the same time The trackIR does not interfere with your current mouse in any way. If you want to use the mouse, just start moving it and the trackIR will relinquish control. Stop using your mouse, and the trackIR takes over again. Connects easily via USB.
