FLEX B18 HANGAR Designed primarily for aviators who need a Pilot Flight Bag to pack multiple overnight items the B18 HANGAR fits the bill when maximum space is required.The B18 HANGAR is comprised of the Pocket Cap Front, Center Section Five, Center Section Eleven, Center Section Two, Flat Cap Rear, the Side Pocket Alpha, the Side Pocket Bravo, the Side Pocket Charlie, and the Side Pocket Delta. The Pocket Cap Front offers a variety of pockets organized into three Main Pockets and six auxiliary pockets. The top Main Pocket area is designed to hold your mobile device, wallet and keys. The middle and lower pockets can store your electronic E6B, camera, business cards, chargers, batteries, etc. The auxiliary pockets are perfect for storing flashlights, fuel testers, and multi-purpose tool. The Center Section Five offers five inches of storage space and comes with a divider shelf attaching to the side walls of the main compartment with Velcro.  Access is through a unique top zipper design that also opens the entire length allowing you to reach all the items above and below the divider shelf. There are two pocket stations on both sides of the CS5. The Center Section Eleven offers a full 11 inches of interior storage. In addition to clothes, the CS11 will carry a small cooler or helmet. The CS11 comes with two vertical divider shelves. The CS11 can be installed over the upright handles of our folding cart using the zipper access found on one side. The Center Section Two offers two inches of storage and easily carries 13" laptops, folders, clipboards. The Flat Cap Rear offers two flat pockets on the outside. The primary pocket is accessed from the top and has a cover flap that is secured with Velcro. There is a second flat half-height slip pocket that acts as a great place to store a couple of basic documents that you want to have easy access to. This half-height pocket offers a zipper across the bottom opening 9 inches to allow it to slip over the handle of your folding cart or suitcase.
