Kingsons Best In Class Hot Dot Series 14" White Dot Laptop Backpack for Apple, Dell, HP, Asus, Lenovo, Acer, & Toshiba The Kingsons Hot Dot Series 14.5 Laptop Backpack is a lightweight, slim carrying solution that will keep you comfortable on the road for hours on end. It contains two padded sleeves for laptops and tablets, with a multi-pocket organizer to help you arrange your essentials and accessories the way thats best for you. The pack also features mesh back padding to increase the airflow out of the back, allowing for a pleasant carrying experience. For added convenience, the Hot Dot backpack is completely water-resistant to ensure the safety of all of your valuables in even the harshest weather conditions. This item comes with a Manufacturers Lifetime Warranty. The Hot Dot Series Backpack features two padded sleeves that can easily hold any electronics with up to a 14.5-inch screen size, keeping your laptop or tablet secure and safe from damage. The interior also houses a multi-pocket organizer with a semi-divided front pocket system that will keep your other belongings tidy and in place while you travel. This slim, lightweight nylon pack has built-in back padding that provides maximum support  allowing you to tote it for hours without feeling weighed down. The padding combined with Kingsons Air Passage Technology allows for optimal air flow across your back for a comfortable and easy carrying experience. Designed to protect against many different types of damage, the Hot Dot Series Backpack is also fully water-resistant and travel ready. It can withstand harsh conditions and weather, giving you the freedom to pack and tote whatever electronics you choose on even the worst days without fear of suffering water damage. Kingsons stands behind the construction and quality of their products. So much so, that they offer you a lifetime warranty! With support like that, you can feel comfortable that on the rare occasions there are any issues with your purchase, Kingsons will be there to make things right.
