Acer V5-573P Ultra Thin Touchscreen Laptop Intel Core i5-4200u up to 2.6Ghz 8GB 1TB 15.6-inch HD LED CineCrystal Multi-Touch Display Webcam WiFi BT 4.0 + HS USB 3.0 HDMI Dolby Home Theater w/ 4 Built-in Speakers (Certified Refurbished) The new Aspire V5 Touchscreen Notebook is thinner than ever, and features a multi-touch 15.6 display. At less than 1-inch thin, the V5 is 6% slimmer than its previous design. Get things done fast with powerful 4th Generation Intel Core i5 Processor with Turbo Boost Technology. Intel HD Graphics provides a fast, smooth, and responsive experience overall. Get your everyday tasks-like communicating with friends and family, watching videos online, basic photo editing, and managing your music and photo libraries-done quickly and efficiently. Enjoy great usability with features such as an independent Numeric Keypad and the masterful Acer ZoomPerfect touchpad, which enhances sensitivity, accuracy and usability in Windows 8.1. The intuitive gestures on the touchpad give the user the same incredible control of a touch panel display. Enjoy amazing visuals on the 15.6-inch HD touch display. Type using the keyboard or touch using the 10-point Multi-touch display to experience efficiency hands-on as you open and close programs, browse online, and breeze through photo albums-using nothing but your fingers. Want to go bigger? The HDMI port extends your high-definition viewing experience to any HDMI-equipped high-def TV or digital monitor through a single cable. The Aspire V5 has four integrated speakers plus Dolby Home Theater audio enhancement, so your movies, video chats and all your good times are accompanied by incredible sound. It is also easy to connect your V5 to your home theater system. And with the Dolby Control Panel you have total control over your PC audio settings. Hop on your favorite social sites to keep up with friends, play games or just browse. Want some face time? Enjoy conversing with friends and family with the built-in Webcam.
