EasyN 147W Full HD 1080p Plug & Play P2P IP Camera - 2 Megapixel 1/4 Inch CMOS, H.264, 3x Digital Zoom, Wi-Fi, Micro SD Card Slot, Night Vision EasyN Indoor IP Security Camera with night vision PTZ functions, remote viewing and alarm notifications keeps you and your family safe. Keep Your Loved Ones Safe Are you looking for an easy to use wireless IP camera to protect your home or office day and night? This security IP camera from EasyN is highly recommended for its HD output quality, 3 times zoom, reasonable price and ease of installation thanks to its Wi-Fi abilities. It allows you to carefully watch over everything you need to keep safe, such as your loved ones and will keep you informed and up-to-date even when you're away from home. Sometimes a busy life or pressing work will take you away from home. Thanks to the EasyN remote access features, you can keep an eye on your home, pets and kids in real-time using your smart phone or tablet. You just need to download and install the EasyN application that's available for iOS and Android devices. You can even receive email alerts at the first sign of trouble and remotely control the camera. 24 Hour Video Recording. Thanks to the H.264 compression and support up to 64GB micro SD cards this camera can record up to 24 hours of footage so you can leave your home or office unattended with the peace of mind that it?s being carefully monitored as well as knowing that you will be notified should anything untoward occur. It will even detect unwelcome visitors in low light conditions or at night as it has IR cut and 8 IR LEDs which provide it with 8 meter night vision. To further increase the coverage of this indoor ip camera it has pan tilt and zoom functions enabling it to move through 355 degrees on its horizontal axis, 120 degrees on the vertical axis and with 3 times zoom you can really zone in on the details enabling it to cover a large area effectively. This state of the art advanced surveillance features on this camera bring you everything required for you and your family's security and safety
